h1. 关于Replay

众所周知，官方已经不再支持Play1.x，转而全力开发scala版的play2.x。我很喜欢play1.x，它给我带来了很多欢乐和开发时的愉快，所以我想对它继续支持。

这个项目取名为Replay，表示“继续Play”之意。

主要任务：

1. 修改Play中发现的bug
2. 移除Play1.x中的某些功能，如scala支持（如果想用scala，可直接使用play2）
3. 继续改进Play

本项目fork于官方的Play1.2.5。欢迎大家在这里提issue，或者fork这个项目，严重欢迎发Pull Request，建立一个我们Play爱好者们自己的Play。
------

h1. Welcome to Play framework

Play framework makes it easier to build Web applications with Java. It is a clean alternative to bloated Enterprise Java stacks. It focuses on developer productivity and targets RESTful architectures. Play is a perfect companion to agile software development.

Learn more on the "http://www.playframework.org":http://www.playframework.org website.

h2. Getting started

1. Install the latest version of Play framework and unzip it anywhere you want:

bc. unzip play-1.2.zip -d /opt/play-1.2

2. Add the **play** script to your PATH:

bc. export PATH=$PATH:/opt/play-1.2

3. Create a new Play application:

bc. play new /opt/myFirstApp

4. Run the created application:

bc. play run /opt/myFirstApp

5. Go to "localhost:9000/":http://localhost:9000 and you’ll see the welcome page.

6. Start developing your new application:

* "Your first application — the ‘Hello World’ tutorial":http://www.playframework.org/documentation/1.1/firstapp
* "Tutorial — Play guide, a real world app step-by-step":http://www.playframework.org/documentation/1.1/guide1
* "The essential documentation":http://www.playframework.org/documentation/1.0.3/main
* "Java API":http://www.playframework.org/@api/index.html

h2. Get the source

Fork the project source code on "Github":http://github.com/playframework/play:

bc. git clone git://github.com/playframework/play.git

The project history is pretty big. You can pull only a shallow clone by specifying the number of commits you want with **--depth**:

bc.  git clone git://github.com/playframework/play.git --depth 10

h2. Reporting bugs

Please report bugs on "our lighthouse tracker":http://play.lighthouseapp.com/projects/57987-play-framework.

h2. Licence

Play framework is distributed under "Apache 2 licence":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.